Families is where our nation finds hope where wings take dream
My pro-life position is I believe there's life. It's not necessarily based in religion. I think there's a life there, therefore the notion of life, liberty and pursuit of happiness.
As you can possibly see, I have an injury myself not here at the hospital, but in combat with a cedar. I eventually won. The cedar gave me a little scratch.
That’s George Washington the first president of course. The interesting thing about him is that I read three   three or four books about him last year. Isn’t that interesting?
Oftentimes, we live in a processed world you know, people focus on the process and not results.
More than two decades later, it is hard to imagine the Revolutionary War coming out any other way.
There is no question that there is some unsettling times in the housing market.
There is no such thing necessarily in a dictatorial regime of iron-clad absolutely solid evidence. The evidence I had was the best possible evidence that he had a weapon.
I've changed my style somewhat, as you know. I'm less I pontificate less, although it may be hard to tell it from this show. And I'm more interacting with people.
Well, all due in modesty, I thought I did a pretty good job myself of making it clear that he's not disarming and why he should disarm.
You see, not only did the attacks help accelerate a recession, the attacks reminded us that we are at war.
We look forward to hearing your vision, so we can more better do our job. That's what I'm telling you.
Dick Cheney and I do not want this nation to be in a recession. We want anybody who can find work to be able to find work.
It's one thing about insurance, that's a Washington term.
I remember meeting a mother of a child who was abducted by the North Koreans right here in the Oval Office.
Will the highways on the Internet become more few?
I think we ought to raise the age at which juveniles can have a gun.
The point now is how do we work together to achieve important goals. And one such goal is a democracy in Germany.
I think if you know what you believe, it makes it a lot easier to answer questions. I can't answer your question.
He was a state sponsor of terror. In other words, the government had declared, you are a state sponsor of terror.
It's clearly a budget. It's got a lot of numbers in it.
We ended the rule of one of history's worst tyrants, and in so doing, we not only freed the American people, we made our own people more secure.
My administration has been calling upon all the leaders in the - in the Middle East to do everything they can to stop the violence, to tell the different parties involved that peace will never happen.
The people in Louisiana must know that all across our country there's a lot of prayer prayer for those whose lives have been turned upside down. And I'm one of them.
Conspiracy theories abound in American politics. I don't even need to be subliminabable about the differences between our views on prescription drugs.
My administration has been calling upon all the leaders in the in the Middle East to do everything they can to stop the violence, to tell the different parties involved that peace will never happen.
I've reminded the prime minister the American people, Mr. Prime Minister, over the past months that it was not always a given that the United States and America would have a close relationship.
This business about graceful exit just simply has no realism to it at all.
The senator has got to understand if he's going to have he can't have it both ways. He can't take the high horse and then claim the low road.
You know, one of the hardest parts of my job is to connect Iraq to the war on terror.
The recession started upon my arrival. t could have been some say February, some say March, some speculate maybe earlier it started but nevertheless, it happened as we showed up here. The attacks on our country affected our economy. Corporate scandals affected the confidence of people and therefore affected the economy. My decision on Iraq, this kind of march to war, affected the economy.
I do think we need for a troop to be able to house his family. That's an important part of building morale in the military.
We're going to we'll be sending a person on the ground there pretty soon to help implement the malaria initiative, and that initiative will mean spreading nets and insecticides throughout the country so that we can see a reduction in death of young children that a death that we can cure.
More and more of our imports come from overseas
Amnesty means that you've got to pay a price for having been here illegally, and this bill does that.
Well, that's going to be up to the pundits and the people to make up their mind. I'll tell you what is a president for him, for example, talking about my record in the state of Texas. I mean, he's willing to say anything in order to convince people that I haven't had a good record in Texas.
Should the Iranian regime do they have the sovereign right to have civilian nuclear power? So, like, if I were you, that's what I'd ask me. And the answer is, yes, they do.
I am mindful of the difference between the executive branch and the legislative branch. I assured all four of these leaders that I know the difference, and that difference is they pass the laws and I execute them.
It's in your best interests, by the way, that we have a literate tomorrow. You're irrelevant if people can't read. And we need to start figuring out whether they can or cannot early in a child's career.
There needs to be debates, like we're going through. There needs to be town-hall meetings. There needs to be travel. This is a huge country.
There’s no doubt in my mind, not one doubt in my mind, that we will fail
I want to remind you all that in order to fight and win the war, it requires an expenditure of money that is commiserate with keeping a promise to our troops to make sure that they're well-paid, well-trained, well-equipped.
The enemy understands a free Iraq will be a major defeat in their ideology of hatred. That's why they're fighting so vociferously.
I am mindful not only of preserving executive powers for myself, but for predecessors as well.
If you don't stand for anything, you don't stand for anything!
Well, we've made the decision to defeat the terrorists abroad so we don't have to face them here at home. And when you engage the terrorists abroad, it causes activity and action.
I've heard he's been called Bush's poodle. He's bigger than that.
I understand small business growth. I was one.
I am a person who recognizes thefallacy of humans.
I'm looking forward to a good night's sleep on the soil of a friend.
The person who runs FEMA is someone who must have the trust of the president. Because the person who runs FEMA is the first voice, often times, of someone whose life has been turned upside down hears from.
I think we agree, the past is over.
People say, how can I help on this war against terror? How can I fight evil? You can do so by mentoring a child; by going into a shut-in's house and say I love you.
This isn’t a contest of who’s the most generous. I’m just telling you as an aside. We’re generous. We shouldn’t be bragging about it. But we are. We’re very generous
I'll be glad to talk about ranching, but I haven't seen the movie. I've heard about it. I hope you go you know I hope you go back to the ranch and the farm is what I'm about to say.
When Iraq is liberated, you will be treated, tried, and persecuted as a war criminal.
I'm hopeful. I know there is a lot of ambition in Washington, obviously. But I hope the ambitious realize that they are more likely to succeed with success as opposed to failure.
Secondly, the tactics of our as you know, we don't have relationships with Iran. I mean, that's ever since the late '70s, we have no contacts with them, and we've totally sanctioned them. In other words, there's no sanctions you can't we're out of sanctions.
I heard somebody say,  Where’s Mandela?’ Well, Mandela’s dead. Because Saddam killed all the Mandelas
I was proud the other day when both Republicans and Democrats stood with me in the Rose Garden to announce their support for a clear statement of purpose: you disarm, or we will.
A family in Allentown, Pennsylvania, I campaigned with them the other day... Under my plan, they get  1800 of tax relief. Under Vice President Gore's plan, they get  145 of tax relief. Now you tell me who stands on the side of the fence.
There's an old saying in Tennessee I know it's in Texas, probably in Tennessee that says, fool me once, shame on shame on you. Fool me you can't get fooled again.
We are making steadfast progress.
This case has had full analyzation and has been looked at a lot. I understand the emotionality of death penalty cases.
I hear there’s rumours on the internets
Really proud of it. A great campaign. And I'm really pleased with the organization and the thousands of South Carolinians that worked on my behalf. And I'm very gracious and humbled.
This foreign policy stuff is a little frustrating.
This administration is doing everything we can to end the stalemate in an efficient way. We're making the right decisions to bring the solution to an end.
A clear lesson I learned in the museum was that outside forces that tend to divide people up inside their country are unbelievably counterproductive.
They've seen me make decisions, they've seen me under trying times, they've seen me weep, they've seen me laugh, they've seen me hug. And they know who I am, and I believe they're comfortable with the fact that they know I'm not going to shift principles or shift positions based upon polls and focus groups.
We want people owning their home we want people owning a businesses.
I do remain confident in Linda. She'll make a fine labor secretary. From what I've read in the press accounts, she's perfectly qualified.
We've had a great weekend here in the Land of the Enchanted.Land of Enchantment.
Let me start off by saying that in 2000 I said, 'Vote for me. I'm an agent of change.' In 2004, I said, 'I'm not interested in change I want to continue as president.' Every candidate has got to say 'change.' That's what the American people expect.
These people don't have tanks. They don't have ships. They hide in caves. They send suiciders out.
I was not pleased that Hamas has refused to announce its desire to destroy Israel.
Free societies are hopeful societies. And free societies will be allies against these hateful few who have no conscience, who kill at the whim of a hat.
Now, if you're a worker who earns 35 dollars a year over your lifetime, and this system were in effect where you could put 4 percent of your payroll taxes in a personal account, and you started at age 20, by the time you retired, your personal account would grow to 250,000 dollars. That's compounding rate of interest.
Nothing he  Saddam Hussein  has done has convinced me I'm confident the Secretary of Defense that he is the kind of fellow that is willing to forgo weapons of mass destruction, is willing to be a peaceful neighbor, that is will honor the people the Iraqi people of all stripes, will values human life. He hasn't convinced me, nor has he convinced my administration.
I know something about being a government. And you've got a good one.
I mentioned early on that I recognize there are hurdles, and we're gonna achieve those hurdles.
If he's the inference is that somehow he thinks slavery is a is a noble institution I would I would strongly reject that assumption that John Ashcroft is a open-minded, inclusive person.
I thought how proud I am to be standing up beside my dad. Never did it occur to me that he would become the gist for cartoonists.
For every fatal shooting, there were roughly three non-fatal shootings. And, folks, this is unacceptable in America. It's just unacceptable. And we're going to do something about it.
Iraq is a very important part of securing the homeland, and it's a very important part of helping change the Middle East into a part of the world that will not serve as a threat to the civilized world, to people like or to the developed world, to people like in the United States.
What's that in English?
I would have to ask the questioner. I haven't had a chance to ask the questioners the question they've been questioning.
I'm honored to shake the hand of a brave Iraqi citizen who had his hand cut off by Saddam Hussein.
The great thing about America is everybody should vote.
Perhaps one way will be, if we use military force, in the post-Saddam Iraq the U.N. will definitely need to have a role. And that way it can begin to get its legs, legs of responsibility back.
I got a lot of Ph.D.-types and smart people around me who come into the Oval Office and say, 'Mr. President, here's what's on my mind.' And I listen carefully to their advice. But having gathered the device, I decide, you know, I say, 'This is what we're going to do.' 
There's a lot of blowhards in the political process, you know, a lot of hot-air artists, people who have got something fancy to say.
I said to her, make sure the rug says 'optimistic person comes to work.' 
I think   tide turning   see as I remember   I was raised in the desert but tides kind of   it’s easy to see a tide turn   did I say those words?
And so, what Gen. Petraeus is saying, some early signs, still dangerous, but give me give my chance a plan to work.
Those who enter the country illegally violate the law.
I don't bring God into my life to to, you know, kind of be a political person.
I want to appreciate those of you who wear our nation's uniform for your sacrifice.
One has a stronger hand when there's more people playing your same cards.
I think it was in the Rose Garden where I issued this brilliant statement: If I had a magic wand  but the president doesn't have a magic wand. You just can't say, 'low gas.' 
After standing on the stage, after the debates, I made it very plain, we will not have an all-volunteer army. And yet, this week we will have an all-volunteer army. Let me restate that.
I want to thank the astronauts who are with us, the courageous spacial entrepreneurs who set such a wonderful example for the young of our country.
After all, a week ago, there were Yasser Arafat was boarded up in his building in Ramallah, a building full of, evidently, German peace protestors and all kinds of people. They're now out. He's now free to show leadership, to lead the world.
Take the Middle East seriously because that's the center of that's the place where people get so despondent and despair that they're willing to come and take lives of U.S. citizens.
I didn't join the International Criminal Court because I don't want to put our troops in the hands of prosecutors from other nations. Look, if somebody has done some wrong in our military, we'll take care of it. We got plenty of capability of dealing with justice.
The legislature's job is to write law. It's the executive branch's job to interpret law.
I want to thank your Governor for traveling with me today. It's an honor to be in a presence who has made public education his top priority.
I learned some pretty interesting lessons as the governor. And one lesson is that in order for schools to succeed, you'd better have you a good principal.
I understand small business growth. I was one
I have said that the sanction regime is like Swiss cheese that meant that they weren't very effective.
The students at Yale came from all different backgrounds and all parts of the country. Within months, I knew many of them.
It would be a mistake for the United States Senate to allow any kind of human cloning to come out of that chamber
Iran would be dangerous if they have a nuclear weapon.
I'm also honored to be here with the speaker of the House just happens to be from the state of Illinois. I'd like to describe the speaker as a trustworthy man. He's the kind of fellow who says when he gives you his word he means it. Sometimes that doesn't happen all the time in the political process.
There may be some tough times here in America. But this country has gone through tough times before, and we're going to do it again.
I've abandoned free market principles to save the free market system.
When I was coming up, it was a dangerous world, and you knew exactly who they were,It was us vs. them, and it was clear who them was. Today, we are not so sure who the they are, but we know they're there.
The suicide bombings have increased. There's too many of them.
Let's make sure that there is certainty during uncertain times in our economy.
Some call this civil war; others call it emergency I call it pure evil.
My hearts are with the Jeffcoats right now, that's what I'm thinking.
My mom often used to say,  The trouble with W’   although she didn't put that to words
See, without the tax relief package, there would have been a deficit, but there wouldn't have been the commiserate not 'commiserate' the kick to our economy that occurred as a result of the tax relief.
There’s no cave deep enough for America or dark enough to hide
Now, we talked to Joan Hanover. She and her husband, George, were visiting with us. They are near retirement retiring in the process of retiring, meaning they're very smart, active, capable people who are retirement age and are retiring.
Because of your work, children who once wanted to die are now preparing to live.
And truth of the matter is, a lot of reports in Washington are never read by anybody. To show you how important this one is, I read it, and our guest read it.
My job is to, like, think beyond the immediate.
Removing Saddam Hussein was the right decision early in my presidency, it is the right decision now, and it will be the right decision ever.
They can get in line like those who have been here legally and have been working to become a citizenship in a legal manner.
And if he continues that, I'm going to tell the nation what I think about him as a human being and a person.
This campaign not only hears the voices of the entrepreneurs and the farmers and the entrepreneurs, we hear the voices of those struggling to get ahead.
For a century and a half now, America and Japan have formed one of the great and enduring alliances of modern times.
Rarely is the question asked: Is our children learning?
First, let me make it very clear, poor people aren't necessarily killers. Just because you happen to be not rich doesn't mean you're willing to kill.
There's no bigger task than protecting the homeland of our country.
It's in our country's interests to find those who would do harm to us and get them out of harm's way.
All up and down the different aspects of our society, we had meaningful discussions. Not only in the Cabinet Room, but prior to this and after this day, our secretaries, respective secretaries, will continue to interact to create the conditions necessary for prosperity to reign.
I know there's a lot of young ladies who are growing up wondering whether or not they can be champs. And they see the championship teams from USC and University of Portland here, girls who worked hard to get to where they are, and they're wondering about the example they're setting. What is life choices about?
We must have the attitude that every child in America regardless of where they're raised or how they're born can learn.
Obviously, I pray every day there's less casualty.
Our country puts  1 billion a year up to help feed the hungry. And we're by far the most generous nation in the world when it comes to that, and I'm proud to report that. This isn't a contest of who's the most generous. I'm just telling you as an aside. We're generous. We shouldn't be bragging about it. But we are. We're very generous.
Unfairly but truthfully, our party has been tagged as being against things. Anti-immigrant, for example. And we're not a party of anti-immigrants. Quite the opposite. We're a party that welcomes people.
I tell people, let's don't fear the future, let's shape it.
I always jest to people, the Oval Office is the kind of place where people stand outside, they're getting ready to come in and tell me what for, and they walk in and get overwhelmed by the atmosphere. And they say 'man, you're looking pretty.' 
I want to share with you an interesting program for two reasons, one, it's interesting, and two, my wife thought of it or has actually been involved with it; she didn't think of it. But she thought of it for this speech.
I've got a reason for running. I talk about a larger goal, which is to call upon the best of America. It's part of the renewal. It's reform and renewal. Part of the renewal is a set of high standards and to remind people that the greatness of America really does depend on neighbors helping neighbors and children finding mentors. I worry. I'm very worried about, you know, the kid who just wonders whether America is meant for him. I really worry about that. And uh, so, I'm running for a reason. I'm answering this question here and the answer is, you cannot lead America to a positive tomorrow with revenge on one's mind. Revenge is so incredibly negative. And so to answer your question, I'm going to win because people sense my heart, know my sense of optimism and know where I want to lead the country. And I tease people by saying, 'A leader, you can't say, follow me the world is going to be worse.' I'm an optimistic person. I'm an inherently content person. I've got a great sense of where I want to lead and I'm comfortable with why I'm running. And, you know, the call on that speech was, beware. This is going to be a tough campaign.
I think that the vice president is a person reflecting a half-glass-full mentality.
You see, the Senate wants to take away some of the powers of the administrative branch.
I love the idea of a school in which people come to get educated and stay in the state in which they're educated.
This is historic times.
The trial lawyers are very politically powerful.   But here in Texas we took them on and got some good medical medical malpractice.I firmly believe the death tax is good for people from all walks of life all throughout our society.
Drug therapies are replacing a lot of medicines as we used to know it.
And we need a full affront on an energy crisis that is real in California and looms for other parts of our country if we don't move quickly.
And, most importantly, Alma Powell, secretary of Colin Powell, is with us.
As governor of Texas, I have set high standards for our public schools, and I have met those standards.
 T he illiteracy level of our children are appalling.
What I am against is quotas. I am against hard quotas, quotas they basically delineate based upon whatever. However they delineate, quotas, I think vulcanize society. So I don't know how that fits into what everybody else is saying, their relative positions, but that's my position.
My pan plays down an unprecedented amount of our national debt.
It's very interesting when you think about it, the slaves who left here to go to America, because of their steadfast and their religion and their belief in freedom, helped change America.
Over 75 percent of white Americans own their home, and less than 50 percent of Hispanos and African Americans don't own their home. And that's a gap, that's a homeownership gap. And we've got to do something about it.
Free societies are hopeful societies. And free societies will be allies against these hateful few who have no conscience who kill at the whim of a hat
I’m the decider and I decide what is best
The truth of the matter is, if you listen carefully, Saddam would still be in power if he  John Kerry  were the President of the United States, and the world would be a lot better off.
She's just trying to make sure Anthony gets a good meal Antonio.
This thaw took a while to thaw, it's going to take a while to unthaw.
I assured the prime minister, my administration will work hard to lay the foundation of peace in the Middle to work with our nations in the Middle East, give peace a chance. Secondly, I told him that our nation will not try to force peace, that we'll facilitate peace and that we will work with those responsible for a peace.
Well, I think if you say you're going to do something and don't do it, that's trustworthiness.
The woman who knew that I had dyslexia I never interviewed her.
Reading is the basics for all learning. 
As far as the legal hassling and wrangling and posturing in Florida, I would suggest you talk to our team in Florida led by Jim Baker.
Of all states that understands local control of schools, Iowa is such a state.
I'm a strong proponent of the restoration of the wetlands, for a lot of reasons. There's a practical reason, though, when it comes to hurricanes: The stronger the wetlands, the more likely the damage of the hurricane.
Security is the essential roadblock to achieving the road map to peace.
I know the human being and fish can coexist peacefully.
I don't have to accept their tenants. I was trying to convince those college students to accept my tenants. And I reject any labeling me because I happened to go to the university.
It’s clearly a budget. It’s got a lot of numbers in it
And Brownie, you're doing a heck of a job.
The United States has suffered terrorist attacks on its soil, as have Russia.
I’m honoured to shake the hand of a brave Iraqi citizen who had his hand cut off by Saddam Hussein
I'll be long gone before some smart person ever figures out what happened inside this Oval Office.
I mean, if you've ever been a governor of a state, you understand the vast potential of broadband technology, you understand how hard it is to make sure that physics, for example, is taught in every classroom in the state. It's difficult to do. It's, like, cost-prohibitive.
 W e've had leaks out of the administrative branch, had leaks out of the legislative branch, and out of the executive branch and the legislative branch, and I've spoken out consistently against them, and I want to know who the leakers are.
All of us in America want there to be fairness when it comes to justice.
Throughout our history, the words of the Declaration have inspired immigrants from around the world to set sail to our shores. These immigrants have helped transform 13 small colonies into a great and growing nation of more than 300 people.
I aim to be a competitive nation.
Oftentimes people ask me, 'Why is it that you're so focused on helping the hungry and diseased in strange parts of the world?' 
There’s no doubt in my mind not one doubt in my mind that we will fail
The president cannot keep changing his mind. The president must speak clearly, and the president must mean what he says.
They're innocent, they were doing nothing, and they were summarily plucked out of water.
If you're sick and tired of the politics of cynicism and polls and principles, come and join this campaign.
The senator has got to understand if he’s going to have   he can’t have it both ways. He can’t take the high horse and then claim the low road
Recession means that people's incomes, at the employer level, are going down, basically, relative to costs, people are getting laid off.
Bin Laden says his own role is to tell Muslims, quote, 'what is good for them and what is not.' 
No question that the enemy has tried to spread sectarian violence. They use violence as a tool to do that.
I believe we are called to do the hard work to make our communities and quality of life a better place.
Business leaders from many backgrounds, along with current and former senators, congressmans, mayors, diplomats, national security council people, Cabinet members from both parties I emphasize, from both parties support this agreement.
I hope you leave here and walk out and say,  What did he say?’
I want to thank my friend, Sen. Bill Frist, for joining us today.   He married a Texas girl, I want you to know. Karyn is with us. A West Texas girl, just like me.
Finally, the desk, where we'll have our picture taken in front of is nine other Presidents used it. This was given to us by Queen Victoria in the 1870s, I think it was. President Roosevelt put the door in so people would not know he was in a wheelchair. John Kennedy put his head out the door.
I'm the decider, and I decide what is best. And what's best is for Don Rumsfeld to remain as the secretary of defense.
Quotas are bad for America. It's not the way America is all about.
We're fixing to go down to Galveston and obviously are going to see a devastated part of this fantastic state.
You never know what your history is going to be like until long after you're gone.
It's evolutionary, going from governor to president, and this is a significant step, to be able to vote for yourself on the ballot, and I'll be able to do so next fall, I hope.
I appreciate that question because I, in the state of Texas, had heard a lot of discussion about a faith-based initiative eroding the important bridge between church and state.
There's a lot of people in the Middle East who are desirous to get into the Mitchell process. And but first things first. The these terrorist acts and, you know, the responses have got to end in order for us to get the framework the groundwork not framework, the groundwork to discuss a framework for peace, to lay the all right.
If you found somebody that had information about an attack on America, you'd want to know as best as we can to find out what the facts are.
You took an oath to defend our flag and our freedom, and you kept that oath underseas and under fire.
I want to thank the dozens of welfare to work stories, the actual examples of people who made the firm and solemn commitment to work hard to embetter themselves.
The president and I also reaffirmed our determination to fight terror, to bring drug trafficking to bear, to bring justice to those who pollute our youth
It's the systems that don't test are those that quit on the kids.
A tax cut is really one of the anecdotes to coming out of an economic illness.
I hope we get to the bottom of the answer. It's what I'm interested to know.
Kosovians can move back in.
She is a member of a labor union at one point.
Listen, I want to thank leaders of the in the faith faith-based and community-based community for being here.
I want you to know that farmers are not going to be secondary thoughts to a Bush administration. They will be in the forethought of our thinking.
I knew it might put him in an awkward position that we had a discussion before finality has finally happened in this presidential race.
There’s no question that the minute I got elected the storm clouds on the horizon were getting nearly directly overhead
And my concern, David, is several.
My thoughts are, we're going to get somebody who knows what they're talking about when it comes to rebuilding cities.
I'm going to put people in my place, so when the history of this administration is written at least there's an authoritarian voice saying exactly what happened.
That's called, 'A Charge To Keep,' based upon a religious hymn. The hymn talks about serving God. The president's job is never to promote a religion.
People say, well, do you ever hear any other voices other than, like, a few people? Of course I do.
Because the all which is on the table begins to address the big cost drivers. For example, how benefits are calculate, for example, is on the table; whether or not benefits rise based upon wage increases or price increases. There's a series of parts of the formula that are being considered. And when you couple that, those different cost drivers, affecting those changing those with personal accounts, the idea is to get what has been promised more likely to be or closer delivered to what has been promised. Does that make any sense to you? It's kind of muddled. Look, there's a series of things that cause the like, for example, benefits are calculated based upon the increase of wages, as opposed to the increase of prices. Some have suggested that we calculate the benefits will rise based upon inflation, as opposed to wage increases. There is a reform that would help solve the red if that were put into effect. In other words, how fast benefits grow, how fast the promised benefits grow, if those if that growth is affected, it will help on the red.
We're still being challenged in Iraq and the reason why is a free Iraq will be a major defeat in the cause of freedom.
The best place for the facts to be done is by somebody who's spending time investigating it.
We'll let our friends be the peacekeepers and the great country called America will be the pacemakers.
I mean, there needs to be a wholesale effort against racial profiling, which is illiterate children.
You subscribe politics to it. I subscribe freedom to it.
And I want those who are questioning it to step up and explain why all of a sudden a Middle Eastern company is held to a different standard than a Great British company.
I was raised in the West. The wesv of Texas. It's pretty close to California. In more ways than Washington, D.C., is close to California.
I understand there's a suspicion that we we're too security-conscience.
Our nation must come together to unite.
I believe that, as quickly as possible, young cows ought to be allowed to go across our border.
Laura and I really don't realize how bright our children is sometimes until we get an objective analysis.
Soldiers, sailors, Marines, airmen, and Coastmen Coast Guardmen, thanks for coming, thanks for wearing the uniform.
 You'll hear people say it's racist to test. Folks, it's racist not to test. Because guess who gets shuffled through the system oftentimes? Children whose parents don't speak English as a first language, inner-city kids. It's so much easier to quit on somebody than to remediate.
Tribal sovereignty means that, it's sovereign. You're a you've been given sovereignty, and you're viewed as a sovereign entity. And, therefore, the relationship between the federal government and tribes is one between sovereign entities.
I hope you leave here and walk out and say  What did he say?’
It's important for young men and women who look at the Nebraskachamps to understand that quality of life is more than just blocking shots.
What I'm telling you is there's too many junk lawsuits suing too many doctors.
One of my concerns is that the health care not be as good as it can possibly be.
Any time we've got any kind of inkling that somebody is thinking about doing something to an American and something to our homeland, you've just got to know we're moving on it, to protect the United Nations Constitution, and at the same time, we're protecting you.
They have miscalculated me as a leader.
We look forward to analyzing and working with legislation that will make it would hope put a free press's mind at ease that you're not being denied information you shouldn't see.
If you've got somebody in harm's way, you want the president being making advice, not be given advice by the military, and not making decisions based upon the latest Gallup poll or focus group.
I welcome you all to say a few comments to the TV, if you care to do so.
It would be a mistake for the United States Senate to allow any kind of human cloning to come out of that chamber.
See, we love we love freedom. That's what they didn't understand. They hate things; we love things. They act out of hatred; we don't seek revenge, we seek justice out of love.
Whether they be Christian, Jew, or Muslim, or Hindu, people have heard the universal call to love a neighbor just like they'd like to be called themselves.
I recently met with the finance minister of the Palestinian Authority, was very impressed by his grasp of finances.
I don't think we need to be subliminable about the differences between our views on prescription drugs.
It's important for us to explain to our nation that life is important. It's not only life of babies, but it's life of children living in, you know, the dark dungeons of the Internet.
And so during these holiday seasons, we thank our blessings. ... 
We got the best workforce in America in the world.
Afghanistan is the most daring and ambition mission in the history of NATO.
I know the human being and fish can coexist peacefully
First, we would not accept a treaty that would not have been ratified, nor a treaty that I thought made sense for the country.
God loves you, and I love you. And you can count on both of us as a powerful message that people who wonder about their future can hear.
I can press when there needs to be pressed; I can hold hands when there needs to be   hold hands
I want to thank my friend, Senator Bill Frist, for joining us today . . . He married a TX girl, I want you to know. Karyn is with us. A West TX girl, just like me.
Coalition forces have encountered serious violence in some areas of Iraq. Our military commanders report that this violence is being insticated by three groups.
So on behalf of a well-oiled unit of people who came together to serve something greater than themselves, congratulations.
My views are one that speaks to freedom.
Our enemies are innovative and resourceful, and so are we. They never stop thinking about new ways to harm our country and our people, and neither do we.
I feel strongly that there ought to be fair justice.
I think he needs to stand up and say if he thought the president were wrong on policy and issues, he ought to say where.
Yesterday, you made note of my the lack of my talent when it came to dancing. But nevertheless, I want you to know I danced with joy. And no question Liberia has gone through very difficult times.
We're concerned about AIDS inside our White House make no mistake about it.
I'm the master of low expectations.
I couldn’t imagine somebody like Osama bin Laden understanding the joy of Hanukah
I haven't had a chance to talk, but I'm confident we'll get a bill that I can live with if we don't.
Anyone engaging in illegal financial transactions will be caught and persecuted
He was a great father before politics, a great father during politics and a great father after politics.
Can't living with the bill means it won't become law.
If affirmative action means what I just described, what I'm for, then I'm for it.
I'm going to spend a lot of time on Social Security. I enjoy it. I enjoy taking on the issue. I guess, it's the Mother in me.
The Senate needs to leave enough money in the proposed budget to not only reduce all marginal rates, but to eliminate the death tax, so that people who build up assets are able to transfer them from one generation to the next, regardless of a person's race.
Brie and cheese.
I'm so pleased to be able to say hello to Bill Scranton. He's one of the  great Pennsylvania political families.
They said, 'You know, this issue doesn't seem to resignate with the people.' And I said, you know something? Whether it resignates or not doesn't matter to me, because I stand for doing what's the right thing, and what the right thing is hearing the voices of people who work.
I am here to make an announcement that this Thursday, ticket counters and airplanes will fly out of Ronald Reagan Airport.
I've been in the Bible every day since I've been the president.
Just remember it's the birds that's supposed to suffer, not the hunter.
I regret that a private comment I made to the vice presidential candidate made it through the public airways.
If they pre-decease or die early, there's an asset base to be able to pass on to a loved one.
We don't believe in planners and deciders making the decisions on behalf of Americans.
We need an energy bill that encourages consumption.
I suspect that had my dad not been president, he'd be asking the same questions: How'd your meeting go with so-and-so?   How did you feel when you stood up in front of the people for the State of the Union Address state of the budget address, whatever you call it.
There's only one person who hugs the mothers and the widows, the wives and the kids upon the death of their loved one. Others hug but having committed the troops, I've got an additional responsibility to hug and that's me and I know what it's like.
This is my maiden voyage. My first speech since I was the president of the United States and I couldn't think of a better place to give it than Calgary, Canada.
The public education system in America is one of the most important foundations of our democracy. After all, it is where children from all over America learn to be responsible citizens, and learn to have the skills necessary to take advantage of our fantastic opportunistic society.
I remember meeting a mother of a child who was abducted by the North Koreans right here in the Oval Office
I believe that as quickly as possible young cows ought to be allowed to go across our border
That's why I went to the Congress last September and proposed fundamental supplemental funding, which is money for armor and body parts and ammunition and fuel.
Let me tell you my thoughts about tax relief. When your economy is kind of ooching along, it's important to let people have more of their own money.
It's the Afghan national army that went into Najaf and did the work there.
I promise you I will listen to what has been said here, even though I wasn't here.
It's very important for folks to understand that when there's more trade, there's more commerce.
There's no cave deep enough for America, or dark enough to hide.
Whether you're here by birth, or whether you're in America by choice, you contribute to the vitality of our life. And for that, we are grateful.
I think it's really important for this great state of baseball to reach out to people of all walks of life to make sure that the sport is inclusive. The best way to do it is to convince little kids how to the beauty of playing baseball.
See, free nations are peaceful nations. Free nations don't attack each other. Free nations don't develop weapons of mass destruction.
Let me put it to you this way, I am not a revengeful person.
And everybody wants to be loved not everybody, but you run for office, I guess you do. You never heard anybody say, 'I want to be despised, I'm running for office.' 
Trade is an important subject here at Caterpillar, and the reason why is because a lot of the product you make here, you sell to somebody else, sell overseas to another country. That's trade. And yet it's it's a topic of hot debate.
I guess it's OK to call the secretary of education here 'buddy.' That means friend.
Our priorities is our faith.
One of the things important about history is to remember the true history.
This is what I'm good at. I like meeting people, my fellow citizens, I like interfacing with them.
Rarely is the questioned asked: are - is our children learning?
I know what I believe. I will continue to articulate what I believe and what I believe I believe what I believe is right.
And I am an optimistic person. I guess if you want to try to find something to be pessimistic about, you can find it, no matter how hard you look, you know?
If I'm the president, we're going to have emergency-room care, we're going to have gag orders.
We spent a lot of time talking about Africa, as we should. Africa is a nation that suffers from incredible disease.
We got plenty of money in Washington. What we need is more priority.
I don't know why you're talking about Sweden. They're the neutral one. They don't have an army.
He understands the need for a timely write of the constitution.
We're also talking to different finance ministers about how we can send a message to the Iranian government that the free world is not going to tolerate the development of know-how in how to build a weapon, or at least gain the ability to make a weapon.
I don't want to win? If that were the case why the heck am I on the bus 16 hours a day, shaking thousands of hands, giving hundreds of speeches, getting pillared in the press and cartoons and still staying on message to win?
I can assure you that, even though I won't be sitting through every single moment of the seminars, nor will the vice president, we will look at the summaries.
The best way to relieve families from time is to let them keep some of their own money.
The only things that I can tell you is that every case I have reviewed I have been comfortable with the innocence or guilt of the person that I've looked at. I do not believe we've put a guilty ... I mean innocent person to death in the state of Texas.
I urge the leaders in Europe and around the world to take swift, decisive action against terror groups such as Hamas, to cut off their funding, and to support cut funding and support, as the United States has done.
This notion that the United States is getting ready to attack Iran is simply ridiculous. And having said that, all options are on the table.
I mean, I read the newspaper. I mean, I can tell you what the headlines are. I must confess, if I think the story is, like, not a fair appraisal, I'll move on. But I know what the story's about.
I heard somebody say  Where’s Mandela?’ Well Mandela’s dead. Because Saddam killed all the Mandelas
I don't particularly like it when people put words in my mouth, either, by the way, unless I say it.
Do you have blacks, too?
Laura and I really don't realize how bright our children is sometimes until we get an objective analysis.
Listen, Al Gore is a very tough opponent. He is the incumbent. He represents the incumbency. And a challenger is somebody who generally comes from the pack and wins, if you're going to win. And that's where I'm coming from.
My mom often used to say  The trouble with W’   although she didn't put that to words
I'm also mindful that man should never try to put words in God's mouth. I mean, we should never ascribe natural disasters or anything else, to God. We are in no way, shape, or form should a human being, play God.
Anyway, I'm so thankful, and so gracious I'm gracious that my brother Jeb is concerned about the hemisphere as well.
Reading is the basics for all learning.Reading Firstbasis.
I was proud the other day when both Republicans and Democrats stood with me in the Rose Garden to announce their support for a clear statement of purpose: you disarm, or we will
 T he best way to find these terrorists who hide in holes is to get people coming forth to describe the location of the hole, is to give clues and data.
Tribal sovereignty means that; it's sovereign. I mean, you're a - you've been given sovereignty, and you're viewed as a sovereign entity. And therefore the relationship between the federal government and tribes is one between sovereign entities.
You know one of the hardest parts of my job is to connect Iraq to the war on terror
And that's why I'm here at the community college system today.
Other Republican candidates may retort to personal attacks and negative ads.
But the true strength of America is found in the hearts and souls of people like Travis, people who are willing to love their neighbor, just like they would like to love themselves.
Justice ought to be fair.
You'll hear people say it's racist to test. Folks, it's racist not to test. Because guess who gets shuffled through the system oftentimes? Children whose parents don't speak English as a first language, inner-city kids. It's so much easier to quit on somebody than to remediate.
The suicide bombings have increased. There's too many of them.   
The question is, who ought to make that decision? The Congress or the commanders? And as you know, my position is clear I'm a commander guy.
American children are not born knowing what they should cherish -- are not born knowing why they should cherish American values. A love of democratic principles must be taught.
You teach a child to read, and he or her will be able to pass a literacy test.
And one thing we want during this war on terror is for people to feel like their life's moving on, that they're able to make a living and send their kids to college and put more money on the table.
We thought we were protected forever from trade policy or terrorist attacks because oceans protected us.
How can you possibly have an international agreement that's effective unless countries like China and India are not full participants?
There's no such thing as legacies. At least, there is a legacy, but I'll never see it.
I want it to be said that the Bush administration was a results-oriented administration, because I believe the results of focusing our attention and energy on teaching children to read and having an education system that's responsive to the child and to the parents, as opposed to mired in a system that refuses to change, will make America what we want it to be - a more literate country and a hopefuller country.
He has certainly earned a reputation as a fantastic mayor, because the results speak for themselves. I mean, New York's a safer place for him to be.
States should have the right to enact reasonable laws and restrictions particularly to end the inhumane practice of ending a life that otherwise could live.
If a person doesn't have the capacity that we all want that person to have, I suspect hope is in the far distant future, if at all. 
If we get rid of the double taxation of dividends, it means that one of the good investment vehicles for a child who is young today will be a dividend paying stock.
I confirmed to the prime minister that we appreciate our friendship.
If the East Timorians decide to revolt, I'm sure I'll have a statement.
Well, it's an unimaginable honor to be the president during the Fourth of July of this country. It means what these words say, for starters. The great inalienable rights of our country. We're blessed with such values in America. And I it's I'm a proud man to be the nation based upon such wonderful values.
All I can tell you is when the governor calls, I answer his phone.
One year ago today, the time for excuse-making has come to an end.
I like my buddies from west Texas. I liked them when I was young, I liked them then I was middle-age, I liked them before I was president, and I like them during president, and I like them after president.
One of the common denominators I have found is that expectations rise above that which is expected.
No doubt in my mind, with your help, Dave Lamberti will be the next United States congressman.
And if you're interested in the quality of education and you're paying attention to what you hear at Laclede, why don't you volunteer? Why don't you mentor a child how to read?
Fifteenth of September.
If you're a younger person, you ought to be asking members of Congress and the United States Senate and the president what you intend to do about it. If you see a train wreck coming, you ought to be saying, what are you going to do about it, Mr. Congressman, or Madam Congressman?
I read the newspaper.
I want it to be said that the Bush administration was a results-oriented administration, because I believe the results of focusing our attention and energy on teaching children to read and having an education system that's responsive to the child and to the parents, as opposed to mired in a system that refuses to change, will make America what we want it to be a literate country and a hopefuller country.
And I suspect that what you'll see, Toby, is there will be a momentum, momentum will be gathered. Houses will begat jobs, jobs will begat houses.
I want to thank you for the importance that you've shown for education and literacy.
Mr. Vice President, in all due respect, it is I'm not sure 80 percent of the people get the death tax. I know this: 100 percent will get it if I'm the president.
Out of the rubbles of Trent Lott's house he's lost his entire house there's going to be a fantastic house. And I'm looking forward to sitting on the porch.
Ann and I will carry out this equivocal message to the world: Markets must be open.
One of the interesting initiatives we've taken in Washington, D.C., is we've got these vampire-busting devices. A vampire is a a cell deal you can plug in the wall to charge your cell phone.
By making the right choices, we can make the right choice for our future.
This morning my administration released the budget numbers for fiscal 2006. These budget numbers are not just estimates; these are the actual results for the fiscal year that ended February the 30th.
I don't know whether I'm going to win or not. I think I am. I do know I'm ready for the job. And, if not, that's just the way it goes.
We shouldn't fear a world that is more interacted.
The important question is, How many hands have I shaked?
Thank you Your Holiness. Awesome speech
Neither in French nor in English nor in Mexican.
 A  free Iraq is essential to our respective securities.
I mean, these good folks are revolutionizing how businesses conduct their business. And, like them, I am very optimistic about our position in the world and about its influence on the United States. We're concerned about the short-term economic news, but long-term I'm optimistic. And so, I hope investors, you know secondly, I hope investors hold investments for periods of time that I've always found the best investments are those that you salt away based on economics.
That's a chapter, the last chapter of the 20th, 20th, the 21st century that most of us would rather forget. The last chapter of the 20th century. This is the first chapter of the 21st century. 
This is a world that is much more uncertain than the past. In the past we were certain, we were certain it was us versus the Russians in the past. We were certain, and therefore we had huge nuclear arsenals aimed at each other to keep the peace. That's what we were certain of. ... You see, even though it's an uncertain world, we're certain of some things. We're certain that even though the 'evil empire' may have passed, evil still remains. We're certain there are people that can't stand what America stands for. ... We're certain there are madmen in this world, and there's terror, and there's missiles and I'm certain of this, too: I'm certain to maintain the peace, we better have a military of high morale, and I'm certain that under this administration, morale in the military is dangerously low.
All I can tell you is when the governor calls I answer his phone
The march to war affected the people's confidence. It's hard to make investment. See, if you're a small business owner or a large business owner and you're thinking about investing, you've got to be optimistic when you invest. Except when you're marching to war, it's not a very optimistic thought, is it? In other words, it's the opposite of optimistic when you're thinking you're going to war.
See, one of the interesting things in the Oval Office I love to bring people into the Oval Office right around the corner from here and say, this is where I office, but I want you to know the office is always bigger than the person.
 A s you know, these are open forums, you're able to come and listen to what I have to say.
If people want to get to know me better, they've got to know my parents and the values my parents instilled in me, and the fact that I was raised in West Texas, in the middle of the desert, a long way away from anywhere, hardly. There's a certain set of values you learn in that experience.
There are some similarities, of course death is terrible.
I want to thank the astronauts who are with us the courageous spacial entrepreneurs who set such a wonderful example for the young of our country
So please give cash money to organizations that are directly involved in helping save lives save the life who had been affected by Hurricane Katrina.
There's no doubt in my mind that we should allow the world worst leaders to hold America hostage, to threaten our peace, to threaten our friends and allies with the world's worst weapons.
Keep good relations with the Grecians
This very week in 1989, there were protests in East Berlin and in Leipzig. By the end of that year, every communist dictatorship in Central America had collapsed.
Amigo! Amigo!
I will have a foreign-handed foreign policy.
The goals of this country is to enhance prosperity and peace.
 B y the way, we rank 10th amongst the industrialized world in broadband technology and its availability. That's not good enough for America. Tenth is 10 spots too low as far as I'm concerned.
After the bombing, most Iraqis saw what the perpetuators of this attack were trying to do.
And so I'm for medical liability at the federal level.
And so the fact that they purchased the machine meant somebody had to make the machine. And when somebody makes a machine, it means there's jobs at the machine-making place.
I think younger workers-first of all, younger workers have been promised benefits the government-promises that have been promised, benefits that we can't keep. That's just the way it is.
One of the most meaningful things that's happened to me since I've been the governor the president governor president. Oops. Ex-governor. I went to Bethesda Naval Hospital to give a fellow a Purple Heart, and at the same moment I watched him get a Purple Heart for action in Iraq and at that same right after I gave him the Purple Heart, he was sworn in as a citizen of the United States a Mexican citizen, now a United States citizen.
I’ve been in the Bible every day since I’ve been the president
Russia is no longer our enemy and therefore we shouldn't be locked into a Cold War mentality that says we keep the peace by blowing each other up. In my attitude, that's old, that's tired, that's stale.
I am determined to keep the process on the road to peace.
Part of the facts is understanding we have a problem, and part of the facts is what you're going to do about it.
I want to thank you for coming to the White House to give me an opportunity to urge you to work with these five senators and three congressmen, to work hard to get this trade promotion authority moving. The power that be, well most of the power that be, sits right here.
Families is where our nation finds hope, where wings take dream.
They misunderestimated me
It's hard to be successful if you don't make something somebody doesn't want to buy.
It is time to set aside the old partisan bickering and finger-pointing and name-calling that comes from freeing parents to make different choices for their children.parental empowerment in education,
Make no mistake about it, I understand how tough it is, sir. I talk to families who die.
The federal government and the state government must not fear programs who change lives, but must welcome those faith-based programs for the embetterment of mankind.
Now, there are some who would like to rewrite history revisionist historians is what I like to call them.
I'm also not very analytical. You know I don't spend a lot of time thinking about myself, about why I do things.
We're spending money on clean coal technology. Do you realize we've got 250 million years of coal?
We need to change that attitude about how prolific we can be with the people's money.
Natural gas is hemispheric. I like to call it hemispheric in nature because it is a product that we can find in our neighborhoods.
Justice was being delivered to a man who defied that gift from the Almighty to the people of Iraq.
You know, a trucker, if he's interested in moving through Northwest Arkansas in expedition fashion, will pay a little extra money to be able to do so.
The administration I'll bring is a group of men and women who are focused on what's best for America, honest men and women, decent men and women, women who will see service to our country as a great privilege and who will not stain the house.
I glance at the headlines just to kind of get a flavor for what's moving. I rarely read the stories, and get briefed by people who are probably read the news themselves.
It means your own money would grow better than that which the government can make it grow. And that's important.
Anyone engaging in illegal financial transactions will be caught and persecuted.
I don't want nations feeling like that they can bully ourselves and our allies. I want to have a ballistic defense system so that we can make the world more peaceful, and at the same time I want to reduce our own nuclear capacities to the level commiserate with keeping the peace.
We have enough coal to last for 250 years, yet coal also prevents an environmental challenge.
This has been tough weeks in that country.
Colin Powell has cobbled together one of the great coalitions ever, a coalition determined to fight terror wherever we find it.
In other words, he was given an option: Are you with us or are you not with us? And he made a clear decision to be with us, and he's acted on that advice.
Today I heard from some opinions that matter a lot to me, and these are the opinions of those who wear the uniform.
As we work to keep the peace we've also got to work to make America a better place for all of us. I mean every single citizen. That means we've got to have an education system that is next to none.
We expect the states to show us whether or not we're achieving simple objectives like literacy, literacy in math, the ability to read and write.
There are some monuments where the land is so widespread, they just encompass as much as possible. And the integral part of the the precious part, so to speak I guess all land is precious, but the part that the people uniformly would not want to spoil, will not be despoiled. But there are parts of the monument lands where we can explore without affecting the overall environment.
So community colleges are accessible, they're available, they're affordable, and their curriculums don't get stuck. In other words, if there's a need for a certain kind of worker, I presume your curriculums evolved over time.
But oftentimes I'm asked: Why? Why do you care what happens outside of America?
It's going to require numerous IRA agents.
I know how hard it is for you to put food on your family
I think anybody who doesn't think I'm smart enough to handle the job is underestimating.
I'm plowed of the leadership of Chuck Grassley and Greg Ganske and Jim Leach.
The fundamental question is, 'Will I be a successful president when it comes to foreign policy?' I will be, but until I'm the president, it's going to be hard for me to verify that I think I'll be more effective.
And there is distrust in Washington. I am surprised, frankly, at the amount of distrust that exists in this town. And I'm sorry it's the case, and I'll work hard to try to elevate it.
I was going to say he’s a piece of work but that might not translate too well. Is that all right if I call you a piece of work?
The CIA laid out several scenarios and said life could be lousy, life could be OK, life could be better, and they were just guessing as to what the conditions might be like.
It's your money. You paid for it.
Many of the punditry of course, not you but other punditry were quick to say, no one is going to follow the United States of America.
Redefining the role of the United States from enablers to keep the peace to enablers to keep the peace from peacekeepers is going to be an assignment.
If a person doesn't have the capacity that we all want that person to have, I suspect hope is in the far distant future, if at all.
The law I sign today directs new funds and new focus to the task of collecting vital intelligence on terrorist threats and on weapons of mass production.
In terms of timetables, as quickly as possible whatever that means.
We are on the path to the future and we're not turning back.
Actually, I this may sound a little West Texan to you, but I like it. When I'm talking about when I'm talking about myself, and when he's talking about myself, all of us are talking about me.
I'm going to try to see if I can remember as much to make it sound like I'm smart on the subject.
The most important job is not to be governor, or first lady in my case.
That's George Washington, the first president, of course. The interesting thing about him is that I read three three or four books about him last year. Isn't that interesting?
I've coined new words, like, misunderstanding and Hispanically.
I think younger workers first of all, younger workers have been promised benefits the government promises that have been promised, benefits that we can't keep. That's just the way it is.
Mr. Vice President, in all due respect, it is - I'm not sure 80 percent of the people get the death tax. I know this: 100 percent will get it if I'm the president.
I think war is a dangerous place.
I can't wait to join you in the joy of welcoming neighbors back into neighborhoods, and small businesses up and running, and cutting those ribbons that somebody is creating new jobs.
I also have picked a secretary for Housing and Human Development. Mel Martinez from the state of Florida.
The only thing I know about Slovakia is what I learned first-hand from your foreign minister, who came to Texas.
I'm telling you there's an enemy that would like to attack America, Americans, again. There just is. That's the reality of the world. And I wish him all the very best.
Let me put it to you bluntly. In a changing world, we want more people to have control over your own life
There's not going to be enough people in the system to take advantage of people like me.
Thank you for being such a fine host for the OPEC summit. I appreciate APEC summit.
My attitude about the world changed, and I know the attitude about the world from a lot of folks here in America's attitude changed.
Then I went for a run with the other dog and just walked. And I started thinking about a lot of things. I was able to I can't remember what it was. Oh, the inaugural speech, started thinking through that.
A lot of times in the rhetoric, people forget the facts. And the facts are that thousands of small businesses Hispanically owned or otherwise pay taxes at the highest marginal rate.
It was just inebriating what Midland was all about then.
Thirdly, the explorationists are willing to only move equipment during the winter, which means they'll be on ice roads, and remove the equipment as the ice begins to melt, so that the fragile tundra is protected.
I think it's important to bring somebody from outside the system, the judicial system, somebody that hasn't been on the bench and, therefore, there's not a lot of opinions for people to look at.
One of the interesting initiatives we’ve taken in Washington DC is we’ve got these vampire-busting devices. A vampire is a   a cell deal you can plug in the wall to charge your cell phone
I think the American people I hope the American I don't think, let me I hope the American people trust me.
I'm coming as the president of a friend, and I'm coming as a sportsman.
So thank you for reminding me about the importance of being a good mom and a great volunteer as well.
I understand taking tests aren't fun.
I'd rather have them sacrificing on behalf of our nation than, you know, endless hours of testimony on congressional hill.
I cannot look a mother and father of a troop in the eye and say, 'I'm sending your kid into combat, but I don't think we can achieve the objective.' 
In other words, I don't think people ought to be compelled to make the decision which they think is best for their family.
The relations with, uhh -- Europe are important relations, and they've, uhh -- because, we do share values. And, they're universal values, they're not American values or, you know -- European values, they're universal values. And those values -- uhh -- being universal, ought to be applied everywhere.
It is incredibly presumptive for somebody who has not yet earned his party's nomination to start speculating about vice presidents.
Then you wake up at the high school level and find out that the illiteracy level of our children are appalling.
Tommy  Thompson, Health and Human Services secretary,  is a good listener, and he's a pretty good actor, too.
Like you, I have been disgraced about what I've seen on TV that took place in prison.
You're free. And freedom is beautiful. And, you know, it'll take time to restore chaos and order order out of chaos. But we will.
I'm thrilled to be here in the bread basket of America because it gives me a chance to remind our fellow citizens that we have an advantage here in America we can feed ourselves.
The German asparagus are fabulous.
We've got pockets of persistent poverty in our society, which I refuse to declare defeat I mean, I refuse to allow them to continue on. And so one of the things that we're trying to do is to encourage a faith-based initiative to spread its wings all across America, to be able to capture this great compassionate spirit.
Sometimes, Washington is one of these towns where the person people who think they've got the sharp elbow is the most effective person.
The American people are going to have to be more patient than ever with the efforts of not just ourselves, but the efforts of our allies, to get them running and to find them and to hunt them down.
This is a nation that loves our freedom, loves our country.
Reading is the basics for all learning.Reading First
 T hat's just the nature of democracy. Sometimes pure politics enters into the rhetoric.
You saw the president yesterday. I thought he was very forward-leaning as they say in diplomatic nuanced circles
There's nothing more deep than recognizing Israel's right to exist. That's the most deep thought of all. ... I can't think of anything more deep than that right.
The decisions we make in Washington have a direct impact on the people in our country, obviously.
And the question is, are we going to be facile enough to change with will we be nimble enough; will we be able to deal with the circumstances on the ground? And the answer is, yes, we will.
How do you know if you don't measure if you have a system that simply suckles kids through?
I do not agree with this notion that somehow if I go to try to attract votes and to lead people toward a better tomorrow somehow I get subscribed to some some doctrine gets subscribed to me.
I fully understand those who say you can't win this thing militarily. That's exactly what the United States military says, that you can't win this military.
As a matter of fact, I know relations between our governments is good.
And I will explain the need to reform a confirmation process that is making it more difficult to persuade decent and intelligence people to accept the call to public service.
Columbia carried in its payroll classroom experiments from some of our students in America.
Then you wake up at the high school level and find out that the illiteracy level of our children are appalling.
And so, in my State of the my State of the Union or state my speech to the nation, whatever you want to call it, speech to the nation I asked Americans to give 4,000 years 4,000 hours over the next the rest of your life of service to America. That's what I asked 4,000 hours.
In an economic recession, I'd rather that in order to get out of this recession, that the people be spending their money, not the government trying to figure out how to spend the people's money.
 W hether they be Christian, Jew, or Muslim, or Hindu, people have heard the universal call to love a neighbor just like they'd like to be called themselves.
Home is important. It's important to have a home.
And if you're interested in the quality of education and you're paying attention to what you hear at Laclede, why don't you volunteer? Why don't you mentor a child how to read? 
I can only speak to myself
If you've got a chicken factory, a chicken-plucking factory, or whatever you call them, you know what I'm talking about.
Keep good relations with the Grecians.
I'm a patient man. And when I say I'm a patient man, I mean I'm a patient man.
I would have to ask the questioner. I haven't had a chance to ask the questioners the question they've been questioning. On the other hand, I firmly believe she'll be a fine secretary of labor. And I've got confidence in Linda Chavez. She is a she'll bring an interesting perspective to the Labor Department.
This is still a dangerous world.  It's a world of madmen and uncertainty and potential mential losses.
If you believe every child can learn, therefore we ought to know whether that's the case.
In my judgment, when the United States says there will be serious consequences, and if there isn't serious consequences, it creates adverse consequences.
You might want to comment on that, Honorable.
As yesterday's positive report card shows, childrens do learn when standards are high and results are measured.
The best way to ensure that there is a sustainable cease-fire is to work with Egypt to stop the smuggling of arms into the Gaza.
I've got very good relations with President Mubarak and Crown Prince Abdallah and the King of Jordan, Gulf Coast countries.
If the terriers and bariffs are torn down, this economy will grow.
The budget caps were busted, mightily so. And we are reviewing with people like Judd Gregg from New Hampshire and others some budgetary reform measures that will reinstate you know, possibly reinstate budgetary discipline. But the caps no longer the caps, I guess they're there. But they didn't mean much.
One thing is clear, is relations between America and Russia are good, and they're important that they be good.
The best way to defeat the totalitarian of hate is with an ideology of hope an ideology of hate excuse me with an ideology of hope.
A lot of times in politics you have people look you in the eye and tell you what's not on their mind.
So I analyzed that and decided I didn't want to be the president during a depression greater than the Great Depression, or the beginning of a depression greater than the Great Depression.
I don't remember debates. I don't think we spent a lot of time debating it. Maybe we did, but I don't remember.
Information is moving you know, nightly news is one way, of course, but it's also moving through the blogosphere and through the Internets.
He's got his priorities straight. He has faith foremost in his life, and his family are his two priorities. ...And his first priority -- his first priority is to make sure every child in this state gets educated.
I was going to say he’s a piece of work, but that might not translate too well. Is that all right, if I call you a piece of work?
That's why we are inconveniencing air traffickers, to make sure nobody is carrying weapons on airplanes.
We got people working all their life at hard work, contributing by payroll taxes into a Social Security system.
The fact that he relies on facts says things that are not factual are going to undermine his campaign.
We've got hundreds of sites to exploit, looking for the chemical and biological weapons that we know Saddam Hussein had prior to our entrance into Iraq.
I mean, there was a serious international effort to say to Saddam Hussein, you're a threat. And the 9 11 attacks extenuated that threat, as far as I concerned.
It is not Reaganesque to support a tax plan that is Clinton in nature.
We cannot let terrorists and rogue nations hold this nation hostile or hold our allies hostile.
If the Iranians were to have a nuclear weapon they could proliferate.
I'm oftentimes asked, What difference does it make to America if people are dying of malaria in a place like Ghana? It means a lot. It means a lot morally, it means a lot from a it's in our national interest.
We understand the fright that can come when you're worried about a rocket landing on top of your home.
This process has been drug out a long time, which says to me it's political.
Let me be very clear about this. Steroids ought to be banned from baseball.
But the true threats to stability and peace are these nations that are not very transparent, that hide behind the that don't let people in to take a look and see what they're up to. They're very kind of authoritarian regimes. The true threat is whether or not one of these people decide, peak of anger, try to hold us hostage, ourselves; the Israelis, for example, to whom we'll defend, offer our defenses; the South Koreans.
I can look you in the eye and tell you I feel I've tried to solve the problem diplomatically to the max, and would have committed troops both in Afghanistan and Iraq knowing what I know today.
We need to apply 21st-century information technology to the health care field. We need to have our medical records put on the I.T.
I was a prisoner too, but for bad reasons.
These are big achievements for this country, and the people of Bulgaria ought to be proud of the achievements that they have achieved.
As you know, these are open forums, you're able to come and listen to what I have to say.
We're working with Chancellor Schr der on what's called 10-plus-10-over-10:  10 billion from the U.S., 10 billion from other members of the G7 over a 10-year period, to help Russia securitize the dismantling the dismantled nuclear warheads.
But I also made it clear to  Vladimir Putin  that it's important to think beyond the old days of when we had the concept that if we blew each other up, the world would be safe.
I thank the diplomatic corps, who is here as well.
President Musharraf, he's still tight with us on the war against terror, and that's what I appreciate. He's a he understands that we've got to keep al-Qaida on the run, and that by keeping him on the run, it's more likely we will bring him to justice.
The economy is growing, productivity is high, trade is up, people are working. It's not as good as we'd like, but and to the extent that we find weakness, we'll move.
I strongly believe what we're doing is the right thing. If I didn't believe it I'm going to repeat what I said before I'd pull the troops out, nor if I believed we could win, I would pull the troops out.
My relationship with this good man is where I've been focused, and that's where my concentration is. And I don't regret any other aspect of it. And so I we filled a lot of space together.
You know, when you give a man more money in his pocket in this case, a woman more money in her pocket to expand a business, it they build new buildings. And when somebody builds a new building somebody has got to come and build the building. And when the building expanded it prevented additional opportunities for people to work.
Wisdom and strength, and my family, is what I'd like for you to pray for.
King Abdullah of Jordan, the King of Morocco, I mean, there's a series of places Qatar, Oman I mean, places that are developing Bahrain they're all developing the habits of free societies.
John Thune has got a common-sense vision for good forest policy. I look forward to working with him in the United Nations Senate to preserve these national heritages.
Part of having a secure homeland is to have a good airport system, that's safe for people to travel, an airport system that is inspecting bags by inspectors who are qualified to inspect bags.
I'm gonna talk about the ideal world, Chris. I've read I understand reality. If you're asking me as the president, would I understand reality, I do.
Forms of government matter, in my opinion. It matters how the nature of the government in which people live.
I have a different vision of leadership. A leadership is someone who brings people together.
I think we're making progress. We understand where the power of this country lay. It lays in the hearts and souls of Americans. It must lay in our pocketbooks. It lays in the willingness for people to work hard. But as importantly, it lays in the fact that we've got citizens from all walks of life, all political parties, that are willing to say, I want to love my neighbor. I want to make somebody's life just a little bit better.
There's no question that the minute I got elected, the storm clouds on the horizon were getting nearly directly overhead.
You're one of the outstanding leaders in a very important part of the world. I want to thank you for strategizing our discussions.
I understand that the unrest in the Middle East creates unrest throughout the region.
You saw the president yesterday. I thought he was very forward-leaning, as they say in diplomatic nuanced circles.
Over the long term, the most effective way to conserve energy is by using energy more efficiently.
We've got a lot of relations with countries in our neighborhood.
I was going to say he's a piece of work, but that might not translate too well. Is that all right, if I call you a 'piece of work'?
I think there is some methodology in my travels.
One reason I like to highlight reading is, reading is the beginnings of the ability to be a good student. And if you can't read, it's going to be hard to realize dreams; it's going to be hard to go to college. So when your teachers say, read you ought to listen to her.
They misunderestimated me.
Those of us who spent time in the agricultural sector and in the heartland, we understand how unfair the death penalty is.
I can press when there needs to be pressed; I can hold hands when there needs to be hold hands.
After all, Europe is America's closest ally.
Suiciders are willing to kill innocent life in order to send the projection that this is an impossible mission.
My job is a job to make decisions. I'm a decision if the job description were, what do you do it's decision maker.
I also understand how tender the free enterprise system can be.
Washington is a town where there's all kinds of allegations. You've heard much of the allegations. And if people have got solid information, please come forward with it. And that would be people inside the information who are the so-called anonymous sources, or people outside the information outside the administration.
We must all hear the universal call to like your neighbor just like you like to be liked yourself.
Gov. Bush will not stand for the subsidation of failure.
Give me   give my chance a plan to work
We've tripled the amount of money I believe it's from  50 million up to  195 million available.
In this job you've got a lot on your plate on a regular basis; you don't have much time to sit around and wander, lonely, in the Oval Office, kind of asking different portraits, 'How do you think my standing will be?' 
There's no question this is a major human disaster that requires a strong response from the Chinese government, which is what they're providing, but it also responds a compassionate response from nations to whom that have got the blessings, good blessings of life, and that's us.
This is Preservation Month. I appreciate preservation. It's what you do when you run for president. You gotta preserve.Perseverance Month
I’m looking forward to a good night’s sleep on the soil of a friend
I would have my secretary of treasury be in touch with the financial centers, not only here but at home.
More Muslims have died at the hands of killers than I say more Muslims a lot of Muslims have died I don't know the exact count at Istanbul. Look at these different places around the world where there's been tremendous death and destruction because killers kill.
I think it's important for those of us in a position of responsibility to be firm in sharing our experiences, to understand that the babies out of wedlock is a very difficult chore for mom and baby alike. ... I believe we ought to say there is a different alternative than the culture that is proposed by people like Miss Wolf in society. ... And, you know, hopefully, condoms will work, but it hasn't worked.
The ambassador and the general were briefing me on the the vast majority of Iraqis want to live in a peaceful, free world. And we will find these people and we will bring them to justice.
In 1994, there were 67 schools in TX that were rated exemplorary according to our own tests.
The point is, this is a way to help inoculate me about what has come and is coming.
I repeat, personal accounts do not permanently fix the solution.
It's a time of sorrow and sadness when we lose a loss of life.
I think tide turning see, as I remember I was raised in the desert, but tides kind of it's easy to see a tide turn did I say those words?
Nothing he  Saddam Hussein  has done has convinced me - I'm confident the Secretary of Defense - that he is the kind of fellow that is willing to forgo weapons of mass destruction, is willing to be a peaceful neighbor, that is - will honor the people - the Iraqi people of all stripes, will - values human life. He hasn't convinced me, nor has he convinced my administration.
I need to be able to move the right people to the right place at the right time to protect you, and I'm not going to accept a lousy bill out of the United Nations Senate.
And so, General, I want to thank you for your service. And I appreciate the fact that you really snatched defeat out of the jaws of those who are trying to defeat us in Iraq.
First of all, Cinco de Mayo is not the independence day. That's diecis is de Septiembre, and ...
I didn't grow up in the ocean as a matter of fact near the ocean I grew up in the desert. Therefore, it was a pleasant contrast to see the ocean. And I particularly like it when I'm fishing.
Now there are some who would like to rewrite history   revisionist historians is what I like to call them
We had a good Cabinet meeting, talked about a lot of issues. Secretary of State and Defense brought us up to date about our desires to spread freedom and peace around the world.
And they have no disregard for human life.
The goals for this country are peace in the world. And the goals for this country are a compassionate American for every single citizen. That compassion is found in the hearts and souls of the American citizens.
I think we need not only to eliminate the tollbooth to the middle class, I think we should knock down the tollbooth.
We want our teachers to be trained so they can meet the obligations, their obligations as teachers. We want them to know how to teach the science of reading. In order to make sure there's not this kind of federal federal cufflink.
And I, unfortunately, have been to too many disasters as president.
It is clear our nation is reliant upon big foreign oil. More and more of our imports come from overseas.
If you’re sick and tired of the politics of cynicism and polls and principles come and join this campaign
In terms of the economy, look, I inherited a recession, I am ending on a recession.
There is some who say that perhaps freedom is not universal. Maybe it's only Western people that can self-govern. Maybe it's only, you know, white-guy Methodists who are capable of self-government. I reject that notion.
If you don't have any ambitions, the minimum-wage job isn't going to get you to where you want to get, for example. In other words, what is your ambitions? And oh, by the way, if that is your ambition, here's what it's going to take to achieve it.
I think we are welcomed. But it was not a peaceful welcome.
They want the federal government controlling Social Security like it's some kind of federal program.
We expect the states to show us whether or not we're achieving simple objectives - like literacy, literacy in math, the ability to read and write.
Too many good docs are getting out of the business. Too many OB GYN's aren't able to practice their love with women all across the country.
You've also got to measure in order to begin to effect change that's just more when there's more than talk, there's just actual a paradigm shift.
People make suggestions on what to say all the time. I'll give you an example; I don't read what's handed to me. People say, 'Here, here's your speech, or here's an idea for a speech.' They're changed. Trust me.
The war on terror involves Saddam Hussein because of the nature of Saddam Hussein, the history of Saddam Hussein, and his willingness to terrorize himself.
I know how hard it is for you to put food on your family.
We ought to make the pie higher.
This thaw   took a while to thaw it's going to take a while to unthaw
That's Washington. That's the place where you find people getting ready to jump out of the foxholes before the first shot is fired.
A surplus means there'll be money left over. Otherwise, it wouldn't be called a surplus.
The more money they have in their more pockets -- in their pockets, the more likely it is that somebody will find work.
Think about that. Two hundred and eighty-five new or expanded programs,  2 trillion more in new spending, and not one new bureaucrat to file out the forms or answer the phones?
But Iraq has have got people there that are willing to kill, and they're hard-nosed killers. And we will work with the Iraqis to secure their future.
The illiteracy level of our children are appalling
One of the very difficult parts of the decision I made on the financial crisis was to use hardworking people's money to help prevent there to be a crisis.
You know, when I campaigned here in 2000, I said, I want to be a war President. No President wants to be a war President, but I am one.
Presidents, whether things are good or bad, get the blame. I understand that.
My answer is bring them on.
It would be helpful if we opened up ANWR  Arctic National Wildlife Refuge . I think it's a mistake not to. And I would urge you all to travel up there and take a look at it, and you can make the determination as to how beautiful that country is.
The German asparagus are fabulous
Anyway, after we go out and work our hearts out, after you go out and help us turn out the vote, after we've convinced the good Americans to vote, and while they're at it, pull that old George W. lever, if I'm the one, when I put my hand on the Bible, when I put my hand on the Bible, that day when they swear us in, when I put my hand on the Bible, I will swear to not to uphold the laws of the land.
 I t's a myth to think I don't know what's going on. It's a myth to think that I'm not aware that there's opinions that don't agree with mine, because I'm fully aware of that.
The Iraqi regime is a threat to any American and to threats who are friends of America.
The true strength of America happens when a neighbor loves a neighbor just like they'd like to be loved themselves.
The California crunch really is the result of not enough power-generating plants and then not enough power to power the power of generating plants.
After standing on the stage, after the debates, I made it very plain, we will not have an all-volunteer army. And yet, this week - we will have an all-volunteer army!
See, in my line of work you got to keep repeating things over and over and over again for the truth to sink in, to kind of catapult the propaganda.
If it were to rain a lot, there is concern from the Army Corps of Engineers that the levees might break. And so, therefore, we're cautious about encouraging people to return at this moment of history.
I can't tell you what it's like to be in Europe, for example, to be talking about the greatness of America. But the true greatness of America are the people.
There was no malfeance involved. This was an honest disagreement about accounting procedures. ... There was no malfeance, no attempt to hide anything.
It's good to see so many friends here in the Rose Garden. This is our first event in this beautiful spot, and it's appropriate we talk about policy that will affect people's lives in a positive way in such a beautiful, beautiful part of our national really, our national park system, my guess is you would want to call it.
Our enemies are innovative and resourceful and so are we. They never stop thinking about new ways to harm our country and our people and neither do we
Whatever it took to help Taiwan defend theirself.
